Improve English in Readme (#715)
Elanis/web-to-desktop-framework-comparison: runner/README.template.begin.md

# Web to Desktop framework comparison

> This repository was made to create an objective comparison of multiple frameworks that allow us to "transform" our web apps to desktop applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has been made to create an objective comparison of multiple frameworks that allow us to "transform" our web apps to desktop applications.
```

| | ***tvOS*** | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ |
| | ***Web*** | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ | ✔️<sup>3</sup> | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |

**<sup>1</sup>**: Linux 32-bit support dropped  
**<sup>2</sup>**: https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri#platforms  
**<sup>3</sup>**: Uses [modes](https://neutralino.js.org/docs/configuration/modes/) to generate web apps  

## Benchmarks

**See [benchmarks.json](https://github.com/Elanis/web-to-desktop-framework-comparison/blob/main/runner/benchmarks.json) to get more information about the following data.**

> *Note:* These benchmarks are done on Github CI. There are ways to make measurements more accurate (e.g., multiple runs), but they will never be perfectly accurate, as they totally depend on system load and resources. You should read these tables as a comparison between frameworks on the same OS, architecture, and app, with a margin of error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* These benchmarks are done on GitHub CI. There are ways to make measurements more accurate (e.g., multiple runs), but they will never be perfectly accurate, as they totally depend on system load and resources. You should read these tables as a comparison between frameworks for the same OS, architecture, and app, with a margin of error.
```
